README Update (#55)
NVIDIA/nim-anywhere: README.md

> Please join \#cdd-nim-anywhere slack channel if you are a internal user,

Reviewer: +1

open an issue if you are external for any question and feedback.

One of the primary benefit of using AI for Enterprises is their ability
to work with and learn from their internal data. Retrieval-Augmented
Generation
([RAG](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/what-is-retrieval-augmented-generation/))
is one of the best ways to do so. NVIDIA has developed a set of
micro-services called [NIM
micro-service](https://docs.nvidia.com/nim/large-language-models/latest/introduction.html)
to help our partners and customers build effective RAG pipeline with
ease.

NIM Anywhere contains all the tooling required to start integrating

> NIMs. It natively scales out to full-sized labs and up to production

Author: is saying "integrating NIMs for a RAG chain" OK?

> environments. This is great news for building a RAG architecture and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environments. This is ideal for building a RAG architecture and
```

easily adding NIMs as needed. If you're unfamiliar with RAG, it
dynamically retrieves relevant external information during inference
without modifying the model itself. Imagine you're the tech lead of a
company with a local database containing confidential, up-to-date
information. You don’t want OpenAI to access your data, but you need the

> model to understand it to answer questions accurately. The solution is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system to understand the confidential data and use it to  answer questions accurately. The solution is
```

to connect your language model to the database and feed them with the
information.

To learn more about why RAG is an excellent solution for boosting the

> accuracy and reliability of your generative AI models, [click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accuracy and reliability of your generative AI models, [read this blog post]
```

> me](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/enhancing-rag-applications-with-nvidia-nim/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/enhancing-rag-applications-with-nvidia-nim/).
```

> Another technique other than RAG is fine-tuning, an overview of this can

Reviewer: Delete fine-tuning sentence. I still don't think finetuning is relevant or makes sense to go here in the Readme

be seen [here](https://www.ibm.com/topics/fine-tuning).

Get started with NIM Anywhere now with the [quick-start](#quick-start)

> instructions and build your first RAG application using NIMs\!

Reviewer 2: `NIMs!`

    to make changes.

3.  Follow the instructions in the installation wizard. If you need to

>     install WSL2, authorize Windows to make the changes and reboot local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    install WSL2, authorize Windows to make the changes and reboot your local
```

The demo services are all in the `code` folder. The root level of the
code folder has a few interactive notebooks meant for technical deep
dives. The Chain Server is a sample application utilizing NIMs with

> LangChain(Note that the Chain Server here gives you the option to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangChain. (Note that the Chain Server here gives you the option to
```
